Code Explanation
1. Additional Technical Indicators
add_technical_indicators(data)

This function computes extra technical indicators to help the model capture market trends:
Bollinger Bands:
It calculates a 20-day moving average (MA20) and standard deviation (Std20) of the closing price.
It then computes the upper and lower Bollinger Bands as:
Upper_BB = MA20 + 2 * Std20
Lower_BB = MA20 - 2 * Std20


MACD and MACD Signal:
It calculates the Exponential Moving Averages (EMAs) over 12 days and 26 days.
The MACD line is obtained by subtracting the 26-day EMA from the 12-day EMA.
A 9-day EMA of the MACD is computed as the signal line.


2. Backtesting Strategy
simple_backtest(predictions, actual, initial_capital=10000)
This function simulates a basic trading strategy based on the predicted and actual stock prices:
It starts with an initial capital (default $10,000).
Buy Signal: If the predicted price is greater than the actual price and no stock is held, the script “buys” as many shares as possible.
Sell Signal: If the predicted price falls below the actual price while holding stock, it “sells” all shares.
It tracks and returns the portfolio value over time as a DataFrame.


3. Hyperparameter Tuning for the LSTM Model
build_model(hp, input_shape)
This function builds an LSTM network using Keras where some parameters are tunable:
It allows tuning of the number of LSTM units and dropout rates.
It also provides an option to add a second LSTM layer.
hyperparameter_tuning(X_train, y_train, input_shape)
Uses Keras Tuner’s RandomSearch to automatically find the best hyperparameters based on validation loss. It returns the best model found.


4. Sentiment Analysis Stub
analyze_sentiment(news_headlines)
A placeholder function for integrating sentiment analysis in the future. The stub currently returns a neutral sentiment score (0) but can be expanded using libraries like TextBlob or Vader.


5. Main Workflow

Data Collection & Feature Engineering:
Downloads historical stock data (e.g., AAPL) using yfinance.
Applies technical indicator calculations (Bollinger Bands, MACD) and computes additional features (lagged close, moving averages, RSI).


Data Preprocessing:
Drops rows with missing values.
Normalizes the data using MinMaxScaler.
Creates sequential data (using a window of 60 days) for the LSTM input.

Training & Evaluation:
Splits data into training and test sets (80/20 split).
Uses hyperparameter tuning to build and select an optimal LSTM model.
Further trains the best model and makes predictions.
Inverse-scales the predictions and actual values to the original scale.
Calculates RMSE as an evaluation metric.


Visualization & Backtesting:
Plots the actual versus predicted stock prices.
Runs the backtesting simulation to generate a hypothetical portfolio value over time, which is also visualized.